All right.
So let's go to this quickly here.
I already have this.
Heavier duty streams.
Let me quickly take them as one who.
Be.
S1.
S2.
S.
But history and Agincourt isn't to leave.
S1 S2.
You're passing the trees.
Well, so what I'll do is I'll simply say to 20 3000 and let's write this deep.
Well, what's the what are the two what are the things that we saw at the S1 will be equal to S3 or
S2 will be equal to 38 the characters.
So what I can simply say is if I use less before moving this, when we need to handle the spatial case,
if it's rendered size less, student size is not equal to s.
You don't.
Face.
Al Jazeera.
Dan Balz.
And.
Now, if all this is a recall, then we can apply DP And let's go this device less than as one rendered
size.
And S1, i.e. is equal to S3.
Okay.
So as you can see, I'm passing here with you.
But it's actually not needed.
What you can do is you can always see is equal to A-plus.
I think you were getting my point when I meant that gay is not an independent variable dependent variable.
So here I can remove and zero will be leaves when I need.
It goes to a three key then.
Let me simply say.
Answer is zero and answers are equals to epi, i.e. less one.
Yeah, it is.
And it will be fun.
But it doesn't matter if I plus one is there.
In the next time what will happen?
K will automatically be equal to Kate plus one because it is equal to eight plus.
I hope you're getting this.
And what's the second guess if you use less, then as to the size and as you get.
Is it close to a three year?
Then what we can do.
We can simply say answers or requests to DP.
I got my zipless.
Fine because now S2 is matching with S3.
We are seeing the rest of the string and now go in match.
Right.
So which of if any of these two matches it will be true and it will it the answer, let's say the base
case is if.
Ah.
Yeah.
So the base case is simple.
If K equals two as three dot size, that means if I were able to read the end and you would also read
it because we already know now that as, as well as we discussed with three, let's say eighth grade
and then assimilated into these and these things are there to match they'd addres let's say if I his
these the end then it would never call this it will itself call the second portion.
If J has reached the end of S two, that means it will never call this.
It will automatically call the first function.
We don't have to handle any other thing.
All of it is not here.
Now, there's only one thing that is clear and it is memorization.
Wait.
So what?
Yeah, I can direct it and I just have to resize it.
But let me quickly say that memo, Daldry says.
And yeah so I'm I'm trying to memorize on the basis of I enjoy only I'm not taking care because you
know they that Graceland will be do I pledge you if I take IEEE committee as my musician partner then
it would be a little too much and it will be more than I enjoy the most.
My list beer is I enjoy it.
So let me quickly discuss.
Let's say I spend outside.
Plus one comma, this vector.
And let's fill the columns there.
It will be a the size.
Less one and communism ended with minus one eight.
What I will simply do is I will simply say if memo.
In an article.
And return memo.
What I believe now is that some of you might not be looking at coding videos.
You can or you can yourself quote this so you can skip recording videos if you are able to call yourself.
Because I have to take care of everyone.
So it's fine if you're able to call it yourself.
It is not equal to this.
To this.
Otherwise they would.
I've saved it here and let me build this.
Okay.
Something is wrong.
You go and declare a heretic.
And then you should be history.
Any other mistake?
No.
So here I am, getting one.
That means, yes, they are solvable.
But the complexity.
Complexity is how many states are there?
How many states are there?
I entered it there did this window to say the industrial base, which is how much?
Hundred and 200 or to its fullest.
No event through GDP would ever do that.
Is.
Are you to June to.
You can see rain the eye into June.
The cake would have.
What are you?
Will Grace see this follow problem that it is could use, albeit using only astronaut length additional
memory space?
Yes, we can solve it.
We already know that they state that there's this IPS intersection in the same course where I have about
how to reduce memory complexity.
By using that technique, you can reduce this and use a very little memory.
Well.
Oh, great.
I hope there are no more doubts.
Even I imagine it could have worked.
But we know that dependent variable it can be derived from my India.
We don't have to memorize on the basis of.
Thank you, everyone.
Soon, the next part.